Cumulocity mapper fails to process messages when connected to a thick-edge VM (#1103)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/tutorials/connect-c8y.md

In most of the Linux flavors, the certificate will be present in /etc/ssl/certs.
If not found download it from [here](https://www.identrust.com/dst-root-ca-x3).

### Using `self-signed` certificate to connect to Cumulocity

> 
> If `self-signed` cerificate is used to connect to the `Cumulocity IoT`, then set the path of the certificate as below.
> 
> ```
> $ sudo tedge config set c8y.root.cert.path /path/to/the/self-signed/certificate
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the `Cumulocity IoT` instance that you're connecting to, is signed with a self-signed certificate(eg: Cumulocity IoT Edge instance), then the path to that server certificate **must** be set as the `c8y.root.cert.path` as follows:

```
$ sudo tedge config set c8y.root.cert.path /path/to/the/self-signed/certificate
```

Note: This is the certificate chain of the server and **not** the device's certificate kept at `/etc/tedge/device-certs` directory.

If the Cumulocity server's certificate chain file isn't available locally, it can be downloaded using a web browser or using some other third-party tools like `openssl` command as follows (to be adjusted based on your env):

```
openssl s_client -connect <hostname>:<port> < /dev/null 2>/dev/null | sed -ne '/-BEGIN CERTIFICATE-/,/-END CERTIFICATE-/p'
```

```

In most of the Linux flavors, the certificate will be present in /etc/ssl/certs.
If not found download it from [here](https://www.identrust.com/dst-root-ca-x3).

> ## Using `self-signed` certificate to connect to Cumulocity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connecting to Cumulocity server signed with self-signed certificate
```
